# Theory-of-Creation
In this modern age, we are making many discoveries and inventions which have answered almost every question about our universe. But even today, people ask questions like:- Is there a beginning of the universe and if it is there, then why and how; Is there an end to the universe and if it is there, then why and how; what is the true nature of time; etc
In the 1960's, Edwin Hubble with the highest magnification telescope at that time observed that the galaxies are moving away from each other through Redshift. He also observed that the galaxies are moving away with increasing speed. Hence, he then noted that if galaxies are moving away from each other, then the universe is expanding with a accelerated motion. And other Scientists concluded that if universe is expanding, then it would have created from a very dense individual point of energy and gas. Then, a problem arises, that if universe expands then what would be the cause for it or who made it accelerate?The answer to this question is not yet verified, but it is said that there is an invisible and non noticeable form of energy and matter i:e dark energy and dark matter and is said to be formed during the big bang . Now question arises that why did the big bang happened?, what is the true nature of dark energy and matter?, etc.
I had been working on these questions for so long and I am successful in finding answer. I don't know this would be right or wrong. The universe is expanding and contracting, its like a spring. Considering universe as a spring, now imagine that if the spring is contracted to very small unit and then left free. It will expand more than its mean position as it want to reach Equilibrium. The same for universe, it expands from the individual point to reach equilibrium and then the dark energy and matter uses it's power to expand the universe further. Now consider that the spring being stretched tightly and then left free, it will contract more than its mean position. The same for the universe, suddenly the force exerted by dark energy and matter stops and the universe at this position is stretched very much (hint:- the dark energy can stretch it much more far of its normal position), it then contracts again to the individual point of gas and energy and again expand. This suggests that the universe is a elastic like substance and can be formed again and again. Our universe would be one of it in the series of the universe.
Then I studied for dark energy and matter, so I got to know that dark energy and matter is neither affected by light nor gets deflected or affected by visible matter and energy and can only slowed or stopped by gravity. By analysing all these facts, I really understood the nature of dark energy and matter, I actually understood how the dark energy was formed. I strongly believe that they were formed by time. How it is actually created by time and how it will help to make accelerate the universe? I will explain in the latter part
Actually by this theory, I got to know something about time. The time has a tendency to change by itself ( emphasis on " by itself " ). Now, when it changes, consider first the time is 1second=1second and then it changes into 1/2second=1second. Now in this process of change, the time changes itself, there are no factors to change it. Then, How the time changes? The reason is that the time produces dark energy and matter equal to 1/2seconds so that it dilates by 1/2seconds. This clearly proves how is dark energy and matter was formed.
From  the above progress, I clearly got to know how was the universe formed and how it is likely to end. Now consider, there was nothing, only a empty space and time. Now as told earlier, the time has a tendency to change. As it changes, it will liberate  dark energy and matter. This matter and energy will expand because time continuously add energy and matter. To make space, its volume increases which causes it to accelerate and then a time comes when it reaches light speed. Now no more further addition of dark energy and matter, so no more increase in volume, then no acceleration, and no force because as soon as it reaches the light speed it stops the dark energy and matter production. (You can say that to become zero the time can liberate dark energy and matter, but I told earlier that dark energy and matter is only produced when time changes by itself, here, it changes due to speed). Since, I told you that universe is a elastic like substance, it will contract to a individual point because at this instant it is stretched more than its mean position. While contracting, the dark energy and matter changes into visible energy and matter (You can say that it is tendency of dark matter and energy to transform into visible matter and energy in pressure). Now, this all matter and energy gets into individual point, which makes time zero and it will again expand and contract as told earlier. This also signify that other universes would have different times. 
Now a universe is formed, then again the time liberate dark energy and matter, and the same process takes place. The latter universe will have more visible energy and matter. This is because as it has visible matter and its dark energy, more than former universe. Thus, the latter universe will have more visible energy and matter and it's elasticity increases ( When you keep stretching string again and again it's elasticity increases ). As it's elasticity increases, it will attain the speed of light more faster than the former universe. This concludes that the latter universe will be much smaller than the former universe. This also tells that the latter universe will be more dense.
From the above progress, I theoretical got to know, How the series of universe will eventually come to end? Now, you know that the universe will get smaller and smaller. In the series of universe, there would be one universe which will attain the speed of light  at its normal position. Now, what will happen? According to my hypothesis, the universe would again contract as there is no more dark energy and matter production. But this doesn't happen whereas it expands a little further and come to rest at it's normal position. This is because when the dark energy and matter production stops it is at it's normal position, thus it does not contract ( if you leave a spring at its normal position it does not show any movement whereas if at first it contracted and now reached it's normal position, it will expand a little and eventually will come to rest at it's normal position). Now as the universe comes to rest, what will happen next? According to my hypothesis you would say that the time will again start dark energy and matter production and the universe will again start to expand. But this is not what happens, the universe at this moment, shows a very mysterious phenomenon. As I told the time would have dilated at the beginning, to form our universe, now, the difference between the original time and the universe time would have increased to a very much extent. Then, the universe at this moment will convert it's all form of visible energy and matter first to dark energy and matter and then convert dark energy and matter into time so that it again comes with the original time ( you can say it is tendency of our universe to convert energy and matter into time at the time when it is at rest). As all the dark energy and matter is converted to time, you can say that it is the end of the universe.
